Thank you very much. Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you. This does not look like a second-place finish. I saw Sleepy Joe. He had about 12 people and unable to fill up his circles. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Thank you very much. Ah, Pennsylvania. We love Pennsylvania. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. This is a nice rowdy crowd, isn’t it? Only in Pennsylvania. We win Pennsylvania, we win the whole deal. You know that. Just like last time. We want to have the same result as we had last time. Hello, Scranton. Hello, Pennsylvania. Thank you very much. Tomorrow, we are going to win the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and we are going to win more four more years in the White House. With your vote, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut regulations, support our great police, support our magnificent military, protect your Second Amendment, defend religious liberty and ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, Made in the USA. Right? More and more.
Thank you. Thank you. Remember, last time they said, “No, no, Pennsylvania hasn’t been won by a Republican for many, many years, many, many years,” and then we won. It wasn’t even close, when you get right down it. Thank you very much. Thank you.
That’s really nice. Don’t make me cry. I’ll cry with that whole thing. I’ll cry. Then they’ll have it on, they’ll say the president broke down and cried in front of his fans. I don’t know. Hey, maybe would lift you up, right? You pick up 10 points for crying. I say, I still don’t want to do it. Thank you very much. It’s really nicee.
Thank you. Nobody’s ever heard that chant before. It’s never a chance that anybody’s ever heard in a political way. We like Ronald Reagan, we like people, but nobody’s ever heard of that chant and we appreciate it. Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country. We have the foundation, it’s already done. Under my leadership, our economy is now growing at the fastest rate ever recorded. Last Friday, it was released. 33.1%, the fasted. We created a record 11.4 million jobs in the last five months, while foreign nations are in a free fall. You see what’s happening all over the world. We are creating an economic powerhouse unrivaled anywhere in the world.
We went down less and we’ve gone up much more. Nobody close. A recent Gallup poll found that 56% of Americans say they are better off today than they were four years ago. If Biden and Kamala … You know Kamala, right? Kamala. Remember it’s the Harris-Biden administration, when he said that? The Harris-Biden … No, no, Joe. You’re supposed to go first, Joe. But Harris and the radical left and she is radical left. She’s further, I guess you could say Bernie is a conservative by comparison, right? No, she’s the most far left. The radical left gain power, they will collapse our economy and send Pennsylvania into a steep depression.
Don’t worry about it. It’s not going to happen. I don’t think it’s going to happen. We’re going to win. We’ve got some big surprises. Oh, look at all of the fake news. Look at all of the fake news. Hey, Kevin, Kevin, Kevin. Kevin, turn the mic on them. Turn the mic on them.
Biden will raise your taxes $4 trillion, massively increasing your regulations. They’re going to increase your regulations, may be more important than the tax cuts. We gave the biggest tax cut in the history of our country, and maybe more importantly, we did regulation cuts, which were also the biggest in the history of our country. Whether it be four years, eight years, or in one case more. Shut down your economy, close down manufacturing, send your jobs overseas, destroy our suburbs and he will destroy our suburbs. I say to the women of the suburbs, “Love me, women of the suburbs. Bless you.” I terminated the regulation. Dissolve your borders, terminate religious liberty, outlaw private healthcare. 180 million people outlaw. They’re going to have socialized medicine. That’s what they’re going to have. Somehow, I don’t see Pennsylvania liking that too much. Confiscate your guns. Second Amendment in big trouble, and indoctrinate your children with anti-American lies. I just signed an executive order to teach our students pro-American value.
Biden has vowed to abolish, extinguish and eradicate American oil, all fracking and natural gas. I say this because, we’ll give it an extra little time. This is Pennsylvania. This is a state, that’s a wonderful state. I went to school here. I went to college here and I’ll tell you what, and I know it well, a big part of your livelihood or your money, your income, your low taxes is fracking. He spent over a year saying he will not allow fracking.
The first time he came into Pennsylvania as the nominee, which was a shock to everybody, everybody, all Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren had to do is leave two days early, and it would have been Crazy Bernie, instead of Sleepy Joe. I would have had a crazy guy instead of a sleepy guy. But he came in and after going for one year and she, forgot it, she still can’t say it. She can’t say it. But he said, “No, we will ban fracking. We will ban fracking.” That’s what he said many, many times. Once he got the nomination, he came to Pennsylvania. They said, “You’re going to have to do something because you have a million jobs and it’s a massive part of your wealth.” He walked in and he went from, we will ban fracking to, of course, we can have fracking. What’s the problem? Just remember this, it’s always … Yeah, that’s right. He said, play the video, and I might not have that one in the video today. But you know, he immediately changed. The fake news, the fake news, where is Hunter?
Where’s Hunter? Hunter’s in a foreign country taking in 25 million today. He’s at a country that his father just left, picking up about 25 million. Now, that’s total corruption. But he went out, and he started talking about fracking. He said, “We will absolutely allow you, but not on government land,” and the press never held him accountable. They never held him accountable for all of the corruption that he’s a part of. Biden’s plan to ban fracking, is an economic death sentence for Pennsylvania. Biden’s energy shutdown will wipe out your jobs, decimate your towns, eliminate your factories and send your state into a nightmare of crippling poverty. You’ve been there. You’ve been there. You had the best three years that you’ve ever had, under President Trump. The best three years. The best three years.
Next year will be the best of all. Watch. You see it happening. If you look at housing starts, you look at automobile manufacturing, you’re going to have your best year next year, unless somebody decides to come along and quadruple your taxes. Then, you’re going down here, which is what he’s going to do. A vote for Biden is a vote to ban fracking, outlaw mining, explode energy costs, and totally destroy Pennsylvania. You know that right? It’s going to destroy Pennsylvania and it can happen. It can happen very fast. You take a look at a country, take a look at Venezuela, same ideology. This was unbelievably wealthy, rich country, one of the richest countries, and now they don’t have water. They don’t have food. They don’t have medicine. It’s a very sad situation and it can happen here, just much, much bigger, but it can happen here with these maniacs. It’s one of those things. Joe Biden is a globalist, who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders and sacrificing American blood and treasure on ridiculous, endless foreign wars. Most of you have never even heard of some of these countries. He shuttered your steel mills. I got them open. I got them open.
I tariffed, very nicely tariffed dumped steel. They were dumping steel. China was dumping steel all over the place. You ask the heads of your steel companies. You wouldn’t have any steel companies right now. Annihilated your coal jobs and supported every disastrous trade deal, for a half a century. He was a cheerleader of NAFTA, which was one of the worst trade deals ever made. We have a very good one now, thank you. China’s entry into the World Trade Organization, which lifted China into a great power, a great economic power, except they were going to catch us. For 10 years, if you study, China was going to catch us in 2019. Guess what? We were going so far ahead, and frankly, if you have somebody smart, real smart in this position, they’ll never catch you. They will never ever catch you.
But, if you study The history, you’ll see, 10 years ago, 2019, they will catch, and they would have. If I didn’t come along, they would’ve caught you. They would’ve caught you. Then, we had the plague. We built the greatest economy in history, and then we had the plague coming from China. Came in, we closed it down. We saved 2 million lives. We saved 2 million lives and nobody gets it. The projection was 2.2 million modeled out. We saved 2 million lives. We understand the disease and now we opened it up. By the way, Pennsylvania, get your state open. Get it open. Terrible. Terrible. The governor has to open your state, Pennsylvania, has to open your state.
Terrible. Wow. Get it open. Get it open, Governor. Get it open and count the votes, honestly. Governor, count them honestly. There was a very good poster last night, actually a good one. He has us winning everything, but he was on last night. How’s he going to do in Pennsylvania? He was on a show called Sean Hannity. Have you ever heard of it? He said, how’s he going to do in Pennsylvania? He’s going to win Pennsylvania, except for the cheating. We figure we have to leave 5% for the cheating that takes [inaudible 00:16:48]. Can you believe it, for the cheating that takes place in Pennsylvania? The guy meant it. A very great pollster, but he predicted he would win the whole election. But the question was, “What about Pennsylvania?”
He said, “Well, you have to leave 5% for the cheating.” When the Supreme Court gave you an extension, they made a very dangerous situation and I mean, dangerous, physically dangerous. They made it a very, very bad … They did a very bad thing for this state. They did a very bad thing for this nation. You have to have a date. You can’t extend dates. The danger that could be caused by that extension, and especially when you know what goes on in Philadelphia, and it’s been going on for years. Governor, open up your state and please don’t cheat, Governor. Please don’t cheat, because we’re all watching.
We’re all watching you, Governor. We have a lot of eyes on the governor and his friend. Couple of other governors out there too. Pennsylvania lost half its manufacturing jobs after-
Thank you. Thank you. Pennsylvania lost half of your manufacturing jobs. Think of it. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who sold out to Pennsylvania, to China and also sold out for personal gain and family gain. Where’s Hunter? Is Hunter in the crowd? Where is Hunter? In 2016, Pennsylvania voted to fire this corrupt political establishment, and you elected an outsider as your President, who is finally putting America first. If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m not a politician. Probably, why, I’m here.
If I don’t know always play by the rules of Washington or the Washington establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for you, harder than anyone has ever fought. I will tell you that. Now, think of everything we’ve been through. Look, from before I came to office, from before I came … whatever, we’ll do that in a second. Boy, you are an enthusiastic bunch. You are something. Well, first of all, first of all, you’re known as a late-voting state. That means you’re smart. How about all the things, hashtag, how do I change my vote? Did you see that? After the debate, the number one trend was, How do we change our vote?” That was the debate. Did everybody see the debate? Yeah. They wanted to change their vote. A lot of people went, “Is this a Change the Vote state? Not so much, probably. I don’t think your governor would let you do that. No, we have some states that change-
… I don’t think your governor would let you do that. Now we have some states, they’re changing the votes and it was started with the debates. And then they see the rallies, the biggest rallies, by the way. And I’ll say this to the fake news. In the history of our country, there’s never been anything like this. And this is at a pretty early part of the day. I wouldn’t say it’s exactly primetime. You had to see last night in Florida. It was amazing.
But think of this. They write from before I even ran. I mean, I announced. Maybe before I announced, they said, “I hear Trump is … oh, let’s go in and do it.” But think of it. We were under investigation for three years and it turned out to be a phony hoax, and it was a phony impeachment. And based on the laptop from hell, the impeachment should have never been. It should have never happened. In fact, it should have happened against the other side because it was the other side that cheated. It was the other side that dealt with Russia. But think of it.
And then they say, “President Trump, we don’t know if we like his personality. President Trump, he’s too rough. He’s too tough.” Let me tell you something, if we didn’t have a certain type of personality and if we didn’t fight, we wouldn’t be here right now, because we caught them spying on our campaign and trying to take out a duly elected president of the United States. And I fought like hell, because we don’t know any other way. We have to fight. But we caught them and they turned out to be the people that were corrupt. No collusion. They spent $48 million, they found no collusion. They had 18 angry Democrat prosecutors. I have friends that say there’s probably nobody that … and he was is one of the smartest. There’s probably nobody that he knows that could have withstood that.
So we had 18 angry crooked Democrats. You had Bob Mueller that didn’t have a clue. You had all of this stuff. Think of it. We went through that for two and a half, three years, and then they say, “Oh, we don’t like the way he acted.” We were under siege illegally. They committed treason. They tried to take out a duly elected president and we caught them. We caught them. And then they say … I see it today. Then they say, “Oh, wouldn’t it be nice … ”
And then I say … I see these guys on television and all of the big tech stuff, which is probably worse than them, right? They’re the new boss in town, right? Not the media. They just showed up, the big tech. And we gave the power to the big tech. But now I see it, I look at it, and I say, “Gee, they’re saying, ‘Tough administration, chaos.'” They created the chaos. All we did was fight back and we fought back well and we caught them and they’re all caught and now let’s see what happens, okay? Let’s see what happens.
But we caught them. It’s treason. They spied on our campaign. Nothing like that’s ever happened. That’s a bigger event … I would rate Biden second. His family and him took millions and millions of dollars from countries that he deals with. He became vice-president. He had a son that didn’t have a job, he got thrown out of the military, and he went years with no job. And then he signs with Burisma for $183,000 a month. And then he wanted $3 million upfront payment. “What’s your experience? What do you know about energy?” “I don’t know anything about energy.” “Oh, that’s okay. We’ll put you on the board anyway.” And then he gets three and a half million dollars from the mayor of Moscow’s wife, three and a half million. Well gee, Hunter, what did you do? You gave her some big advice I guess, out there, right?
And then they go to China, he takes out one and a half billion dollars to manage, which is millions and millions of dollars a year. And then the big one, I guess he had to stop that one because they found the laptop from hell. But the big one was a request to China to pay them $10 million a year for recommendation services, for services. No services, it’s a payoff. Hey, you know what it is? It’s a payoff. And the big guy gets 10%. He’s not a big guy. He’s a little guy. The big guy gets 10%, and there was another one where the big guy gets 50%, right?
But he wanted $10 million a year, and the tech and the media will not … wait, the media will not … this is actually a very big moment in the history of our country because we have freedom of the press. But we don’t. We have suppression by the press. It’s suppression. And if anybody even mentions that story … you don’t see that story in the New York Times. You don’t see … that is the second biggest scandal in the history of our country. First is that they spied on my campaign, that’s the biggest scandal. And they’ve got everybody scared, but you have a president that wasn’t scared.
And I see it with Twitter trending. I know what trending is better than anybody in the world. I’ve been trending my whole life. From the day I was born, I’ve been trending. I know trending. They take a story, they make it worse. Boring story, boring stuff. They’ll take something and they’ll say, “Number one trending, Trump this. Number one trend … ” it’s not trending. What trends is stuff that you don’t want to talk about right now, not having to do with me either by the way. Look, what we have, and what’s happened, and you’ve seen it all over the last two weeks, is a horrible, horrible thing. The media is fake and corrupt. Big tech controls the media and they control the politicians.
And you know what? You have a president that’s willing to say it. And it’s a very, very big event. And let’s say … and I’ll tell you what. I give Tucker Carlson and I give Sean Hannity and I give Laura … I give all the people that are willing to talk about it. No, the Tucker reports have been phenomenal. I give all of those people that are willing to talk about tremendous credit, because people don’t have any idea how dangerous this is for our country.
They won’t even think about … a guy walks away with millions of dollars. He’s vice president, his son’s like a human vacuum cleaner. He follows his father and he takes the scraps. But the scraps are hundreds of millions of dollars. And we can’t let this happen. We’re putting a corrupt man up for possibly being elected. But here’s the story. I don’t think that’s going to happen. I think we’re going to have a tremendous day tomorrow.
And when he announces his speech in Scranton, Pennsylvania, he said, “I live in Pennsylvania. I was born in Scranton.” He doesn’t say that his father left him. There’s nothing wrong with that. I went to college in Pennsylvania, right? But I don’t make the biggest deal of it. But he’s … “I’m a man from Scranton. I’m from … ” He left at nine years old. And that’s okay. That’s okay. But this guy is a stone cold phony, and honestly, he’s not equipped mentally to be your president. He really isn’t.
You know it, I know it, everybody knows it. I have foreign leaders calling me saying, “Are they serious?” I say … One of them called, said, “I see that you’re down a little bit in the poll.” I said, “Can you believe this could happen to me?” I’d rather run against somebody that was good or even outstanding. But I think what we’re going to have is one of the great days. When he comes to Scranton, then he gives a speech, he’s got the six circles. He can’t fill them up. So he said, “Could you please move over here to the press?” He puts the press. And look at this crowd. I don’t know how many people are here, but there’s a lot of people here. And it’s windy as hell and it’s cold, but I couldn’t care.
Look at that flag. Oh, it’s so beautiful. Look, I’ve never seen a flag blow like that. You know what that means? That means it’s windy as hell. That’s what it means. Wow. Look at that. That’s sideways, but it’s our American flag and we love it, right? Yesterday, I was thrilled to be endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post Gazette. Can you believe it? Pittsburgh Post Gazette, and it’s the first time I’ve ever really liked that paper. And then once you get rid of the first one or two paragraphs, it was great. He said, “You might not like his tone. You might not like the way … ” and again, I’m a nice guy. I have to fight. I have to fight to protect me and to protect you. Because once I’m not here, there’s nobody else to protect you, that I can tell you. But they gave a beautiful … you have to understand, everything’s relative. They gave a beautiful, beautiful editorial, and I appreciate it.
It’s the first time, thank you. I’m telling you, you’re going to make me cry with that. Stop. The president broke down in tears as they screamed, “We love you.” I don’t know if president Xi of China wants to hear that. Yeah, he probably worked like that. The first time the papers endorsed a Republican for president in over a half a century. So to the people of the Post Gazette, I would like to thank you. I will forgive you for your first one or two or three paragraphs, because they said, “However, he’s done a great job.” And I have, I’ve done a great job.
But he said, “Put his personality aside,” but I’m telling you, the assault on this office has changed my personality. I can’t … it’s just one of those things. Joe Biden is bought and paid for by big tech, big media and powerful special interest. They own him, they control him, and they know he will always do their bidding. And when he raises 300 billion like last month, I could raise much more than him. I’m president. I could call all these Wall Street guys, most of them I know. I could call the oil guys, I could call them all. I would be … I would blow his numbers apart. Give me two hours. I say, “Send me 10 million … we don’t need it. How many commercials can you buy?” We raised a lot of money.
We raised enough money. Crooked Hillary last time outspent us four to one. And I actually got criticized. I said the other day, even against Hillary Clinton, he didn’t raise that much money. And you won the race, right? They don’t care if you won or not. They said they always have to find something. But I would be the greatest fundraiser of time. “This is the president of the United States calling for the head of Goldman Sachs.” “Hello? How are you, Bill? Is everything good? Now listen, I’d like $25 million within the next five minutes. Send it to the White House, please.” What, do you think he’s going to say no? I would be the greatest, but you know what? I chose not to do that.
And when you see he raised $300 million, his people are making deals all over the place. Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt you, they’re supporting sleepy Joe Biden. The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars, they support Biden. The career politicians that offshored your industries and decimated your factories and you got it worse than anybody else just about. New England was hit hard too. They support Biden. The open borders lobbyists that killed our fellow citizens and gave them illegal drugs destroyed our families and so many people, the gangs and crime, they support sleepy Joe Biden. The far left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police and demeaned your sacred faith and values, they support Joe Biden. And I see where they wanted to defund your great Philadelphia police. And you have great police. They want to defund your Philadelphia police. Have you seen that? They actually wanted to defund.
They wanted to defund your police. I read it this morning. I don’t know. I don’t think that’s a good idea. I don’t think people should take it. You can’t take it anymore, right? You can’t allow it to happen. And every place we’ve got into within a half an hour, it was over. But they have to ask the federal government. They’re embarrassed or they’re afraid or they think they’re going to lose support. We want to go into Portland, we’ll settle that in two minutes. We were the ones that did the whole thing in Seattle. We told them we were going in the following morning. That night, they raised their hands. They said, “Well, I think we’ll leave now.” They took over a big chunk of Seattle. Now we can’t allow this stuff. If you look at what’s going on in Philadelphia, you look at what’s … that can’t be done. And they can’t tell the police to stand] back.
They can’t tell them. They stand back and they watch people walk out with washing machines. A guy’s pushing a washing machine. That’s a disgrace, it’s a disgrace. And the world watches that. They’re all Democrat run cities and states. New York, Chicago, unfortunately, Pennsylvania, and many of them are closed, right? Because you know why they’re closed? Because they thought it would hurt our numbers, and then they saw 33.1. That was a big number. The anti-American radicals defaming our noble history, heritage and heroes. They support Joe Biden. Antifa and the rioters and looters and Marxists and left wing extremists, they all support sleepy Joe Biden, sleepy Joe.
And by the way, just so you understand, because look, Joe has no clue. Joe’s not calling the shots. And I guarantee you, he won’t be calling them for very long. This election comes down to a simple choice. Do you want to be ruled by the corrupt, selfless political class, or do you want to be ruled and governed by the American people? Which is what we’re doing, which is one of the reasons I’m here. A vote for Biden is a vote to give control of government over to the globalist, communist, socialist, the wealthy liberal hypocrites, who want to silent, sensor, cancel, and punish you. If you want your children to be safe, if you want your values to be respected, if you want to be treated with honor, dignity, and respect, then I am asking you to go tomorrow and vote for Trump. Come on.
Well, it’s up to you really. You got to get out. I’m telling you … again, I’ll say it again and again, Pennsylvania, I’ve done very well. You’ve had your best years ever. Pennsylvania. It’s going to be up to you. Such a big deal. Big state, everything … and we’re doing great in Florida. Florida’s been great. You notice they’re not talking about Florida anymore. Florida has been great. We’re doing great in Florida. So we get Florida. We get Pennsylvania. We’re going to get North Carolina. We’re doing great in North Carolina. You saw the poll come out yesterday in Iowa, way ahead in Iowa. We’re way ahead in Ohio, except we get sometimes a fake poll. We’re way ahead. We won Ohio by eight points. They say we’re further up than that this time, because everything I talked about, we have done, and more. We’ve done more than I talked about. Remember what I said four years ago? I am your voice and we will make America great again, and that’s what we’re doing.
For the last four years, the depraved swamp has tried everything to stop me because they know that I don’t answer to them, I answer to you, and it’s true. We did this together. This is a movement, the likes of which this country … in a way the world probably, but this country has never seen. You take some of the things that have happened over many, many years. A politician runs and comes in second in New Hampshire, becomes famous for the rest of his life. We won … well, we won everything this time. We won 100% of the states and the primaries, right? But we won 34 states against a crooked person, a very crooked person. By the way, how crooked it Hillary? She deleted 33,000 emails. What’s happening with that? But we won. We won like nobody’s ever won. Nobody’s ever won like we’ve won. No, the likes of which nobody’s ever seen anything like it.
And just to get off that subject for a second, 2016, we had a campaign, nobody’s ever seen anything like it. Can I be honest? There is much more enthusiasm for this campaign than there was four years ago, because four years ago I came and I was a successful guy, and I said, “We’re going to do this. We’re going to cut your taxes. We’re going to get rid of regulations. We’re going to rebuild your military. We’re going to this or that or that or that.” And I did everything and more than everything.
We’re going to take care of our vets. We just got a 91% approval rating from the vets on the VA. Okay. No, but think of it. We did everything we said we were going to do, but there is much more. And you know what? That was a record. There was never a campaign … nobody’s ever seen a campaign like that. That and Brexit … look at him. We have Nigel. I spotted Nigel. Ah, Nigel. But I actually did see a list, Nigel. They said the victory of President Trump was number one. Brexit was number two, but it was a distant number two. And even Nigel agrees with that. No, Nigel has been fantastic. What a voice. Great voice.
Nigel’s been fantastic. What a voice. Great voice. Great guy. Thank you. Thank you. It’s an honor to have you. It’s an honor. They know Nigel. Brexit, Mr. Brexit. But the level of enthusiasm and I think you’re going to see a great red wave tomorrow. And I think it’s going to blow them away and we get Florida and we get Pennsylvania and we’re going to get New Hampshire. We’re going to get New Hampshire. Get New York. Can you believe that? See the disadvantage we have, the disadvantage we have, because I think in certain ways you campaign totally differently. The disadvantage we have with the electoral college, you automatically lose, automatically. I don’t care if you bring back Abraham Lincoln and George Washington as his running mate, you lose New York, Illinois, and California. Okay.
So now you got three of the biggest and the biggest, but you have three monster states. That’s an automatic loss. So you’re starting off so then you have to run. And so we ran Florida then we got Georgia. By the way, we’re doing very well in Georgia. We got Georgia, we got North Carolina, we got Pennsylvania. That was a very important deal. We got Pennsylvania. We got everything. Then we got Wisconsin and Michigan. We said, “Whoa.” Remember they wouldn’t give you the credit. We were two points short. We were at 98% of the vote tabulated, 98, and it stayed there for hours.
And if I lost every single vote, right, every and I still went in. So I said, “Why aren’t they calling Pennsylvania?” They wouldn’t do you the honor. And then they called Wisconsin, great state. And they called Michigan, which hadn’t been won in years and years. And they took the glamor. So will you please give yourself the glamor this time? Give yourself the glory. Okay. And make sure your governor doesn’t cheat, okay, if you could because they’re known for very bad things, very, very bad things here. Can you imagine the pollster saying you have to allow 5% in Pennsylvania for cheating. That’s a terrible thing to say. Of course, everybody knows it’s true, but no. But we have a lot of eyes watching. They never had eyes watching. We got a lot of very powerful eyes watching them. They don’t want that to happen to themselves. Together we will defeat the corrupt establishment and we’ll dethrone the fail political class.
We will drain the Washington swamp and we will save the American dream. We’re going to save the American dream. This election is also a choice between a deadly Biden lockdown or a safe vaccine that ends the pandemic and we build the greatest economic country that we’ve ever had. There’ll be nothing like it. We will mass distribute the vaccine. We’ve done such a great job with this whole thing. You look at Europe, they’re spiking, and it’s everybody that say, “Look at the way Germany is doing. Look at the way France is doing. Look at Spain, look at now, Italy, right.” Italy in a really rough patch. Then it went well, they’re all having a lot of problems. I said, “Well, they don’t use those examples anymore,” but we have better numbers than all of them.
You look at our numbers, they’re better, and it’s bigger and a lot of the numbers you don’t get because believe it or not, there are some countries that don’t give you an honest kick, right. You know that right? It will quickly eradicate. The vaccine will quickly eradicate the virus and wipe out the China plague once and for all. And let me tell you we’re rounding the corner anyway, but we have the vaccines coming very shortly. They didn’t want to give me the credit. They were saying, “No, don’t.” Whoa, they fought me like crazy. Did you see that? They didn’t want it to happen before the election, but everybody knows. So we have the vaccine. It’s going to be very quickly delivered by our military. Our military is ready to go logistically. Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state locking you in your home, but you’re already locked in your home.
So I hope that doesn’t take away any of your incentive. You’re already locked in your home while letting far left rioters roam free. Isn’t that something right? You can’t go to church. You can’t take your family to dinner, but you can let people riot down the middle of your beautiful shopping streets, knocking the hell out of people, burning down your stores like in Minneapolis, burning the hell out of the place until we sent in the National Guard. That ended in 31 minutes. It was amazing when they started getting whacked with tear. I hope they weren’t aiming. Did you see Ali Velshi? He went down, Ali. I don’t even know who the hell he is.
I just know he does a very nice job of shaving his head. This is Ali Velshi and this is a friendly protest. And behind him, the entire city is burning. It’s like Berlin on its worst day, right. They don’t report. If you have a bad in a Democrat run city, they don’t report it. I don’t watch CNN actually so I don’t know about it, but I did see the clips. And then the Allie Velshi then get hit on the knee with tear gas from our great National Guard. No, he got hit. He went down. I’m down, I’m down. What a group of people. CNN, how dishonest is CNN. But you know what? I think NBC is more dishonest than CNN.
I think NBC and ABC. I think ABC is terrible. I mean, ABC is absolutely. How about where they interview me and every question is a kill. They go in for the kill and then they interview Sleepy Joe. And it’s like, “Oh, the most boring interviews.” They don’t ask him anything. They don’t ask him whether or not he’s corrupt. Are you corrupt? Hey, Sleepy Joe, are you corrupt? Remember I asked him that question and Chris Wallace of Fox wouldn’t allow it. I said, “Why? Why? Why won’t you?” Well, I don’t think it’s appropriate to ask right now. Chris Wallace, he is not Mike. He will never be Mike. He tries hard, but he will not be Mike. You know why? Doesn’t have the talent. The Biden lockdown will be no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Easter, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no 4th of July, and basically no future for American youth.
Other than that, actually, it’s quite a wonderful thing. A vote for Biden is a vote for lockdown, layoffs, and misery. You’re going to have a miserable time. You know what the fake news doesn’t know? They’re getting the highest ratings in the history of television. When Trump is gone, they’re all going bankrupt. They will go down. They’re going to say, “Oh, I wish…” They’re going to be calling we want Trump to run again. We want him to run again, the fake news. The New York Times, the failing New York Times will be out of business. Can you imagine? Yeah, four more years. It’s true though, right. Can you imagine these people, they’re getting the highest ratings on television. They’ve taken over for the NFL. People don’t like. How about basketball? How about LeBron? I felt badly for LeBron. I felt very badly. Down 71%. And that’s for the champion. I didn’t watch one shot. I get bored. Back, forth, back, forth. You know why? When they don’t respect our country, when they don’t respect our flag, nobody wants to watch. Nobody. And the NFL is way down.
The NFL is way down. You got to stand for our flag. You got to really be great to our flag and to our anthem. And if you don’t do that, we’re not watching.
What a crowd.
What a crowd.
Hey, I have three more of these to do. Do you want me to stay with you all day? Yes. So yesterday I did five. I actually did six because I did one early for some people, but I actually did six, but I did five. I got home at two o’clock in the morning in Miami. I got home two o’clock in the morning and I said, “Good, what time do we start tomorrow?” Eight o’clock sir. I said, “Great. Let’s go.” But you know what it is? I’m doing a run, a great, great marathon, everyone. One thing I’ll say, they say I can’t believe because Sleepy Joe will go out. He’ll talk for 10 minutes. He’s very agitated. You notice? He’s so angry. He’s got the shades on now. They should be a little bit larger. The aviators, right. Are they called aviators? He’s got the aviators on and he’s so angry. And he’s reading every word. He never goes off teleprompter because he gets lost.
He can’t go off teleprompter. He gets lost. No, but the anger, but it’s not really anger. It’s agitation. You know what that means right? That’s what happens is when you lose it, it can happen to all of us someday, but you can’t let it happen to your president. I’m sorry. But he was so angry. He was so agitated this morning. The glasses were pouring off. The mask kept on, off, on. There’s nobody around him. The closest person’s about 60 feet away, a reporter that’s can’t believe he got this good location in the inner circle that’s supposed to be for VIP’s, right. Now he’s got Lady Gaga. Lady Gaga is not too good. I could tell you plenty of stories. I could tell you stories about Lady Gaga. I know a lot of stories about Lady Gaga. And Jon Bon Jovi, every time I see him, he kisses my ass. Oh, Mr. President. He’ll get something out of it just like everyone is. But you know what happens? You bring in some of these, they don’t draw. By the way, we draw much bigger crowds than these people. But you know what happens?
He’ll sing a song or two and then he’ll leave and the crowd will leave and Sleepy Joe’s up there talking. That happened to Hillary too, right. They got Beyonce and they got Jay-Z, right, Jay-Z. And he started using the F word, do you remember, in front of this crowd. And it was unbelievable. He was using the F word, F word, F word, and the crowd is going. And then they laughed and the crowd laughed. And Hillary was standing on the stage with an empty place and she was talking and she lost and people were surprised. Let me tell you something. When you look at these crowds that we’re getting, there’s never been anything like it. This is just not the crowds. This is your ultimate poll. This is not the crowds of a second place finisher.
They said yesterday, they said, “Well, some people are here since, Nigel, they’re here from 24 hours, 48.” We have people in line for three, four days, and then the press says, “But will they vote?” Well, wait a minute. They’re willing to go. They’re willing to wait four days, three days, two days, one day online. Will they vote? Will they send there for an hour and vote? I think they’re going to vote. Who is going to vote? Okay. And seriously, is there anybody here who’s going to vote for Sleepy Joe? No. No. Is there anybody that would have the courage to put up their hand? No.
Ah, but he was born in Scranton. What a phony he is. He was born in Scranton. I’m a Scranton boy. Did you see I’m tired of the smart people? Did you see where he said he is. I’m tired of those smart people. But we want a smart person as president. You got to have a smart. No, he said it. He made a lot of bad moves yesterday, didn’t he. He was having a bad day yesterday. He’s tired of smart people. No, can’t get too tired of them. To me, that’s an amazing statement. If you want a vaccine to kill the virus, a job to support your family, and freedom to live your life, then go cast your ballot. You cast your ballot. We’re changing. We’re changing things too. You could say what it used to be, but maybe it used to be a little bit like this, but it was never like this. Things change I think with big tech. I think it really changed. Joe Biden personally ran the swine flu, right. He ran H1N1. Remember he can’t remember that. He always goes no, N1H1 isn’t it? No, H comes before N Joe, just remember it that way. H1N1 swine flu. Remember he said the what was that called? Who was that governor from I think it was Utah? He’s a Mormon. What was his name? His name was Romney. Oh great. He’s another beauty. He failed horribly and he was the laughingstock of Washington so he ran the swine flu operation. He was the laughing stock of Washington. Now, when something much more lethal that we have done a great job on except with public relations. I would say if I had Nigel handling my public relations, I would have been much better. We have done a great job on this and you compare us to other places and you see and bringing back the economy, opening it up except in public relations.
But his own chief of staff said that he was absolutely terrible. He didn’t have a clue. He didn’t know what he was doing. And he told us, right, that I was xenophobic because I closed it to China, which was highly and heavily infected. And hen he runs it and he says I should have closed it earlier. I said, “How does he get out of that one?” You know how he gets out of that one? The press doesn’t report it. They refused to report it. The only way I can do that is look, I got all live television, all the lights, and the only way they can’t keep it off only for one reason, I get very big ratings.
If I didn’t get big ratings, there’d be no way of communicating. Oh, and they’re going to miss those ratings someday. Someday, they’re going to miss them. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said that Biden has been wrong on nearly every single major foreign policy and national security issue over the past four years. Now, he with Biden. He worked with him and he said he was wrong on everything, and he is. And he is, but you don’t have to take my word for it because this happens to be a state that allow, I spent a fortune on building these screens. You’ve got two of them. Wow. Usually I bring one. It’s a lot cheaper. Roll the video, please. Roll it.