Hello, Minnesota. Jessica, thank you for being here and for sharing your story. Unfortunate it’s the story of so many other Americans. They have stories like your… Faced with health problems, fighting for their lives, and forced to think not only about facing the battle, but about how they can afford the treatment while insurance companies come in at the most vulnerable moments for you and your family members. I remember when my son Beau was lying in the hospital after he came home from Iraq after a year. He had stage four glioblastoma. They told him not whether he was going to live, but just how long would he live. As he lay there fighting for his life, fighting to hang on, I thought to myself, “What would it be like if in his suffering, my insurance company or his insurance company would come in and say, ‘You’ve run out of coverage. Time’s up. You’re on your own.'” Well folks, it’s a question no one should have to face in America. That’s why I fought so hard, why Obamacare was such a big thing? It’s unconscionable.
It’s unconscionable that Donald Trump, from the day he got elected to right now, he’s fighting to court to rip that peace of mind away from tens of millions of Americans. But we’re not going to let him do it. We’re never going back to those days, and you’re going to vote. We’re going to win for you, Jessica, and your family. I promise you, I will protect your family as if it were my own. I want to thank all the speakers you heard earlier. Your governor, Tim, is great. He’s leading Minnesota with decency and integrity. And one of the outstanding members of Congress, Betty McCollum, let’s send her back to the House of Representatives. We need her badly. And your incredible Junior Senator Tina Smith, who I got to speak a little bit back here. She’s got to go back.
And look, let’s win back the Minnesota state Senate while we’re at it. One of the nation’s finest leaders and a dear friend I’ve been honored to stand alongside and fight together for the soul of this nation for a long time, Senator Amy Klobuchar. Amy, I love you. Thank you. Thank you. Yesterday in Florida, I had a chance to spend a little more time with another Minnesota icon, Karl-Anthony Towns. You all have heard of him. Boy, he can play, man. Y’all know him as the heart and soul of the Timberwolves, but he’s also a son, who like many other Americans lost his mom to COVID-19 a couple of months ago. For all those sons and daughters, those parents, siblings, husbands, and wives facing empty chairs and dining room tables and with empty holes in their hearts, all those who reach over at night and [inaudible 00:40:19] just by instinct to say good night to their husband or wife, they deserve so much better. These guys are not very polite, but they’re like Trump.
But look, they’re going to be okay. We’re going to take care of them as well. We need to come together. We need to fight for all these folks. We have four days left to get it done. Four days, and millions of Americans are already voting. Millions more will vote by Tuesday. I believe when you use your power, the power to vote will change the course of this country and the course of history. Right here in Minnesota, with all of you in the final days, keep that sense of empowerment. Keep that empowerment with you, that sense of optimism, what we can overcome. Now, look. There’s a reason they don’t want to hear me, because they know the president doesn’t say anything. So they’re not used to not hearing anything.
But I Know it’s hard, folks. I know it’s hard. More than 228, I believe it is now, thousand Americans have died because of COVID-19. Nearly 2,500 here in Minnesota, gone. We had 9 million new cases nationwide. Millions of Americans are out of work, on the edge. They can’t see any light. They don’t know where it’s going. And Donald Trump, he’s simply given up. Over the weekend, White House counsel, chief of staff, he said the following, “We’re not going to control the pandemic.” At the debate last week, Donald Trump turned to me and said, “We’re rounding the corner. It’s going away. We’re learning to live with it.” But as I told him, “No, he’s asking us to learn to die with it.” We’re not going to.
And did you hear what he said today? What he said today on the trail. He said that our doctors, our doctors, our first responders, over a thousand lost their lives, are putting their lives on the line, busting their necks, making up… He said, “But they’re making up deaths from COVID because they get more money.” The president of the United States is accusing the medical profession of making up COVID deaths so they make more money. Doctors and nurses go to work every day to save lives. They do their jobs. Donald Trump’s should stop attacking them and do his job. Folks, this is the same man who weeks ago when he was told, “We’re losing a thousand lives a day,” you remember what he said? He said, “It is what it is.” That’s thoughtful. Well, it is what it is because he is who he is. Donald Trump has waved the white flag and surrendered to this virus, but the American people don’t give up. They don’t cower. Neither will I.
Remember when he did that interview, and he told Bob Woodward that he knew about the virus and how deadly it was at the end of January, but didn’t tell anybody. He didn’t even tell those folks. He didn’t tell anybody. And Woodward asked him why, and on tape he said, “Because they didn’t want to panic the American people.” The American people don’t panic. Donald Trump panics. And unlike Donald Trump, we will not surrender to this virus. Look, President Trump is spreading division and discord. He thinks that he can divide us. We won’t notice his failures. That’s what it’s all about. That’s why he shamelessly equates Somali refugees, folks seeking a better life in America, contributing to this state and our country, with terrorists as he did last night. We need a president who brings us together, not pull us apart. I’ll deal with this pandemic responsibly, bringing the country together around testing, tracing, masking. It’s estimated by the leading doctors in this country that if we just wore a mask for the next few months, we’d save over a hundred thousand-
… wore a mask for the next few months, we’d save over 100,000 lives of over 200,000 lives they expect to lose. Dr. Fauci called for a mask mandate last week. This isn’t a political statement, like those ugly folks over there, beeping the horns. This is a patriotic duty for God’s sake.
Look, in his own words, as I said, the president knew back in January how extremely dangerous and communicable this disease was. And I told you, he went on and he made that tape. He said the disease was easily able to spread, but he did nothing. He did nothing at all.
Look, folks, American people, our people are tough. And instead of talking and politicizing the vaccine, he should be planning for a safe, equitable, and free distribution of a vaccine when it comes next year. This guy refused to provide schools and small businesses the resources and the national standards to open safely. The House of Representatives already passed the money to allow schools open safely, businesses open safely, to make sure people are paid.
Ladies and gentlemen, we’ll bring Republicans and Democrats together to deliver economic relief for working families, schools, and businesses. As I said before, I’m not going to shut down the economy. I’m going to shut down the virus.
Donald Trump inherited a strong economy that Barack and I gave him. But guess what? Like everything else he inherited, he squandered it, like everything he’s inherited. But we can build back and we can build back better with an economy that rewards work not wealth. We can do it without raising taxes on the middle class and working families.
I promise you, you have my word, if you make less than $400,000 a year, you won’t pay a penny more taxes. But I tell you what, for the first time, in a long time, the wealthiest and biggest corporations are going to start paying their fair share. 91 out of the Fortune 500 companies paid zero taxes last year. Why? Why should a firefighter, an educated, and even that guy blowing that horn, why should he pay? Why should a nurse pay higher tax rates than the super wealthy? Why should you pay more taxes than Donald Trump pays?
He’s exploited every loophole and tax code. He’s run a shell game to avoid paying taxes. If you notice, I’ve released 22 years of my tax returns. He’s not released one single year. What’s he hiding? Where’s the corruption. According to Trump, the reason why he only paid $750 is because he’s smart. Well, what does that make the rest of us to pay our fair share, Mr. President?
We’re going to deliver tax relief for working families and the middle class. Help you buy your first home, pay for healthcare premiums, or childcare, or care for your aging parents, or be able to actually, actually pay for school.
Trump got a Supreme Court Justice, the first time in separate happened while an election’s already started for one reason, he’s determined to do what he’s been trying to do for four years, destroy the Affordable Care Act. If they get their way, 100 million Americans will lose protections for preexisting conditions. Complications with COVID-19 will be the next preexisting condition, allowing insurers to jack up your premiums or deny your coverage. And women will again be able to be charged more for the same health care as a man, just because they’re a woman.
Donald Trump thinks healthcare is a privilege. I think it’s your right. And if we all get out and vote, we’ll not only restore Obamacare, we’ll strengthen it and build on it. So you can keep your private insurance if that’s what you like, or choose a Medicare like option, the public option. We’ll increase subsidies, lower your premiums, the deductibles, out of pocket spending. Reduce prescription costs by 60% by allowing Medicare to negotiate with drug prices. We’re going to keep the protections for people with pre-existing conditions, and we’ll protect Social Security and Medicare.
Meanwhile, the Social Security Actuary said that if Donald Trump said, “Elect me again and I’m going to change Social Security.” The actuary said if the changes he puts in place occur that Social Security will be bankrupt in 2023. So go home and tell your parents, your grandparents just what Trump’s about to do. I’ll protect Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid.
But folks, nothing’s worse that this president has done than the way he spoke about those who served in uniform. He called them losers and suckers. My son, Beau, gave up the attorney general seat in the state of Delaware to volunteer to go to Iraq for a year. He won the Bronze Star, the Conspicuous Service Medal. He wasn’t a loser or a sucker. He was a patriot, so many of you as well.
No wonder the six generals who worked directly for the Trump administration have left and they say, “He does not deserve to be the commander-in-chief of the United States.” That’s never happened to any president before, and that’s why Special Operations Commander Stanley McChrystal, Navy Seal Commander Admiral McRaven, along with 24 stars endorsed me, saying they support me to be the next commander-in-chief because they trust me. And that’s why the Military Times reported that more troops would vote for Biden than Trump. That’s why we have to support the military. They’re the backbone of the country. So let them vote and let’s vote for them. And when Donald Trump fails to condemn white supremacy, we can deliver on racial justice.
A season protests has broken out across the nation because the life and dignity of George Floyd, senselessly killed seven miles from here, and so many others that mattered. Protesting and burning and looting is not protesting. It’s violence, clear and simple and will not be tolerated. But these protests are a cry for justice. The names of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Jacob Blake will not soon be forgotten. Not by me, not by us, not by this country because true justice is also economic justice. Access to schooling, housing, access to capital, good paying jobs and financial stability. Giving families of color a real shot to own a home, start a small business, send a child to college debt-free so they can build wealth and pass down opportunity through the generations like the rest of us have.
We have to vote to ensure the full promise of this country for everyone. And finally, we have to both to meet the challenges of the climate crisis. The West is on fire, losing more forest than the total land of Connecticut and Rhode Island combined. The Midwest is flooding. Here in Minnesota, extreme weather occurs, incurs big costs for your infrastructure, increase flooding in the Mississippi. Watershed has shut down port facilities here and in Saint Paul.
Donald Trump thinks it’s all a hoax. He sure is a stable genius. He says that wind power causes cancer. I say it creates jobs, Minnesota jobs. When combined, we can combat climate change. With American ingenuity and manufacturing, building a more resilient nation and creating millions of new high paying jobs. We can change the path we’re on. Nothing’s beyond our capacity.
So honk your horns if you want American to lead again. Honk your horn if you want Americans to trust each other again. Honk your horn if you want to have civility again. And honk your horn if you want America to be united again.
We cannot afford four more years of Donald Trump. In 2008 and ’12, you placed your trust in me and Barack Obama, and each day we were in office, we worked for you and the entire community. I’ll do it again in 2020. My campaign is a broad coalition of Democrats, Republicans, independents, Republican office holders. I’m running as a proud Democrat, but I will govern as an American president.
I’ll work as hard for those who don’t support me as does you do, because that’s the job of a president. It’s the duty of care for everyone, and you too have a sacred duty, the duty to vote. It matters. Minnesota matters. So in the final days, stay empowered, staff domestic, stay united. Make a plan to vote, help get out the vote. As Amy said, go to Iowavote.com/mn.
Yesterday, the Federal Fields Court forced a last minute change in the rules, absentee ballots have to be received by Tuesday. So if you want your voice to be heard, drop off your ballot, don’t put it in the mail, or vote safely in person any day up through election day. But you’ve got to get it done, and make sure everyone you know votes as well so they’ll not being able to stop us despite Trump’s efforts. A recent press article points out that quote, “Never before in modern presidential politics.” I’m quoting now, “Never before in modern presidential politics has a candidate been so reliant on wide scale efforts to repress the votes as Trump,” end of quote.
We will not be silenced. Over 85 million people have already voted, 85 million. They’ve had enough. Look, I’ll never forget the words President Kennedy said when he promised to send us to the moon, he said we were doing it because we in America, we refuse to postpone. I refuse to postpone the work America must do. There’s nothing beyond our capacity. There’s no limit to America, including guys like that. The only thing that can tear America part is America itself, and that’s exactly what Donald Trump has been doing for the beginning. Divide America, pitting Americans against one another, based on race, ethnicity, national origin. That’s wrong, that’s not who we are. Everybody knows who Donald Trump is. Let’s keep showing them who we are.
We choose hope over fear. We choose unity over division, science over fiction, and yes, we choose truth over lies. So it’s time to stand up, take back our democracy. We can do this. We’re so much better than this. We can be who we are at our best, the United States of America. God bless you all, and may God protect our troops.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks, appreciate it. Thank you. Thanks.
You all must be crazy. As my mother from Scranton said, God love you. Thanks for being here. The one thing I’ve always been able to count on my whole career, unions. I know how to say union. I’m working for those unions. Hey folks, it’s good to be back in Beaver County. The fact is that we’ve been in a situation for a while here that… and Greg, thanks for the introduction, I do appreciate it.
One of the things about the iron workers is that I think you’re all crazy. You know what I mean? I remember iron workers endorsed me early on when I first ran for the Senate as a kid. A guy name Tommy [Shrank 00:00:47], and I used to walk in the union all the time and say anybody who’s crazy enough to walk up 16 stories on beam and shoot a rivet has to be nuts. But thank God you are. Where I grew up, you either joined a trade, you became a cop, you became a firefighter or a priest. I wasn’t competent at being any one of them, so look what happened to me.
Folks look, Conner thank you for being here and thank you for all you’ve done. Ladies and gentlemen, this is about more than just an election this time out. There’s an awful lot at stake, and of course you’re going to send Conner back. That’s all right, I’m used to babies. Babies are allowed to cry, and anybody’s allowed to cry if they want. Anybody’s allowed to make noise too. Oh, well, look, I wanted to come by to say thank you personally. Thank you very, very much for what you’ve done. As the Mayor’s here, they tell me… I don’t know where the Mayor is. Where’s the Mayor? There you are, hey Mr. Mayor, thank you pal. Being Mayor’s a real job. They know where you live and Terry and Rob I want to thank you and everybody all over Beaver County.
Folks, look, the fact is that from the very beginning of my career, I found myself in a situation where I’ve relied on labor. And I hope I’m demonstrated that labor can rely on me. We’re in a home stretch now. We’re in a home stretch and as my coach used to say in high and college, “It’s go time. It’s go time.” Tomorrow’s the day. Tomorrow we’re going to send Conner back to Congress. We’re going to hear what labor has to say. We’re going to win Pennsylvania and we’re going to show the world what America stands for.
Folks, as I said, I wanted to come by and thank you personally for canvassing. And thank the Mayor and everyone else that I just mentioned to you. The fact is that there’s a lot at stake in this election. We are really at one of those inflection points. This is going to be more than just who governs the next four years. What happens now, what happens tomorrow is going to determine what this country looks like for a couple generations. And that’s not a joke. I really generally believe that.
There’s so damn much at stake. And as we get this home stretch, you find yourself going home. At least I found myself going home. This is like home. I’m from Scranton, Pennsylvania. I grew up in Claymont, Delaware. And it used to be a steel town that had steel workers, used to have 5,800 steel workers in the town. All gone, all gone now. We got to get it back. We’re not going to get it back in Claymont, but we can get it back here in the United States.
And folks, the fact is that as I said we’re heading to a home stretch. We know the stakes have never been higher. We know they’ve never been higher. My dad used to have an expression. He’d say, “Joey,” he lost a job in Scranton when coal died when I was a kid. And we moved on to Claymont, Delaware. He took us home to my grand pops house. And he made what I call the longest walk a mom or dad has to make. Up a short flight of stairs to the kids bedrooms to say, “Honey, I’m sorry. You can’t go back to that school. You can’t play in that Little League club anymore. Dad lost his job. We’re going to have to move. We can’t stay where we are.” And he made that walk, took us over to my grand pop’s house in Scranton and what happened was he said, “I’m going down to Delaware. There’s jobs down there. I’ll come home every weekend. It’ll probably take me a year to get one. I can bring everybody down.” And so that’s exactly what happened.
From that point on, when my dad would talk about a job, he’d say, “Joey, a job’s about a lot more than a paycheck. It’s about your dignity. It’s about respect. It’s about your place in the community. It’s about being able to look your kid in the eye and say, honey, it’s going to be okay.” Not many people are saying that these days. Too many people are worried.
I’ve never forgotten growing up in a hard working family in Scranton. The lesson that Donald Trump has never learned, because he can only see the world from Park Avenue. He can’t see what families like yours and mine have gone through. So he refuses to do the work to get this virus under control. He refuses to do the work to get our schools and our small businesses the resources they needed to stay open. Firefighters, teachers, cops, a whole lot of hard working folks. Refused to bring Congress together. They passed the money, but he refused to bring them together to provide for their families, the working families. Because he thinks Wall Street built this country. Well I got news for him, you already know it, Wall Street didn’t build America, middle class did and unions built the middle class. Unions built the middle class. That’s a fact. That is a natural fact.
Look, I see the world from Scranton. I see this world from working class towns all around this state. And that’s why I build back better plan that I’m going to do is for the first time in a long time, we’re going to start rewarding work, not wealth. We’re not going to raise taxes for anybody making less than $400,000 bucks a year. If you make more than that, guess what? You’re going to start paying your fair share. You’re going to start stepping up.
I’m going to ask the big corporations, the wealthy, to step up. 90 of the Fortune 500 companies, trying to railroad you guys, 90 of them, didn’t pay a penny in taxes. We’re going to invest the money that we collect of working people, creating millions of good paying union jobs. Two trillion dollars to build a more resilient infrastructure, roads, bridges, water systems. A whole lot more. Done by certified labor. And by the way, no matter how many times Trump tries to lie about it, I will not ban fracking. I never said I would.
But I’m going to end Trumps incentives, to send jobs overseas. We have a trade strategy right now where you get 10% cut in your tax if you send a job overseas. We’re going to reverse it. You bring a job home, you get 10% and I want to promise you one thing, the president has control of $600 billion, handing out contracts for construction. For everything from building aircraft carriers, to public housing. Well here’s the promise I’m making to you, not one single contract will be let to a contractor who doesn’t have products that are all made in America. That’s a guarantee. Every one.
We’re allowed to do that now, but we’ve never done it. It’s about time we stepped up and made sure people… by the way, one other thing I want to mention here. Donald Trump talks about himself as a tough guy. I grew up with guys like him around in Scranton. They thought because they had more money than us they could look down their nose at us. They thought that because they came from well known families, they somehow were better. Well let me tell you something, he talks about how tough he is, how hard working he is, how he’s done so much. Let me tell the things that bothered me most in this campaign and I have to tell you, the way he talked about our veterans as being losers, losers? What’s this guy all about? Who is he? He doesn’t understand what’s going on.
Folks, my son was the Attorney General of Delaware. He gave up his seat to go fight in Iraq for a year. He won the Bronze Star, [inaudible 00:09:02] service medal. And he came home and he died of cancer, but he came home and guess what? He was no loser. Trump’s a loser. And all of you who served. All of you who have served. I really mean it. Think about it, think about it. Is there any wonder why… this is the first president that I’m aware of. The six top Generals to work for him, six, four star Admirals and Generals, they all left to say he wasn’t worthy of being Commander in Chief. They quit.
McRaven, Special Forces. There are the guys who did a lot commanding. They both endorsed me and they came along, 22 Four Stars stepped up and endorsed me because they knew I’d have their back as Commander in Chief. This guy doesn’t get it.
I really mean it, many of you served. Took physical courage to do it. He doesn’t get it. Folks, we owe the military. One percent of the Americans, are protecting the other 99% of us. We owe them big.
Look, we can only get this done though, we can only get this done in Pennsylvania, Pennsylvanians vote. We got to make sure everybody returns their ballot or votes tomorrow. Make sure everyone, everyone you know does the same. It’s time to rebuild the backbone of this country. The middle class, and this time bring everybody along. Everybody. It’s time to unite this country. There’s an amazing thing about this moment on history; on the one hand we’re facing the biggest threat to who we are, what we believe in our lifetimes, but on the other hand our future has never been more promising.
I’ve said it many times, I’m more optimistic about America’s future today, than when I got elected as a 29 year old kid to the Senate. Here’s why: we’re in a better position than any nation in the world to lead the 21st century. Our workers are three times productive as workers around the world. We have the biggest economy in the world. The strongest military in the history of the world. We have the most innovative entrepreneurs. We’re virtually energy independent and we have more great research universities than the rest of the world combined.
No other nation can touch us. No other nation can lead us. We can lead by the power of our example, not just the example of our power. The only thing that can tear America apart is America itself, and that’s exactly what Donald Trump’s been trying to do from the very beginning. Divide America. Pitting American’s against one another. Rural versus urban. Based on race, gender, ethnicity, national origin, our religion. That’s wrong. That’s not who we are. Everybody knows who Donald Trump is. But we’re about honor, integrity, dignity. This is the United States of America. We’ve got to let them show who we are. We choose, we choose hope over fear. We choose unity over division. We choose science over fiction, and yeah we choose truth over lies, constant lies. It’s time to stand up, take back this democracy. We can do this. We’re so much better than we’ve been. We can be… you have ever seen, I guarantee you a seat at the table. God love you all, and thank you, thank you, thank you. Let’s get this vote out. May God protect our troops. Thank you.
I want to do something that I feel very proud about. The son I told you about who I lost, I want his two children to come up here with me. Come here. This is Natalie, don’t be silly.
Whoa. Holy mackerel. Hello, Tampa. Thank you so much, Chloe. You guys look like you’re so far away, you may be in Delaware. Great to see you all. Thanks for so many of you being here. As my mother would say, God love you all.
Chloe, thanks for sharing your story and for all that you do. We often say that a person contributes to their community, but how many people can you name who have done more for this city and its people than Chloe? Chloe, congratulations. Turned abandoned buildings and dangerous lots into places of life and hope, making sure that bringing the community together to build homes for local families and helping young people around Tampa learn job skills, instill pride and purpose in neighborhoods that have been left behind, and laying the groundwork for economic opportunity that endures through generations. That’s the sort of work that changes the world. So thank you, Chloe. Thank you.
I also want to thank all the other speakers here tonight, including your remarkable mayor. Jane, you’re something else, kid. Thanks for the passport into town. I appreciate it. And my friends, and these are my friends, Congressman Charlie Chris. You were there in the beginning, Charlie. Thank you, pal. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And Kathy Castor, her district. I sought permission to come. She said, “Okay.” Thanks Kath. And Alan Cohn, who we’ve got to send to Congress. And I just spent some time with one of my best buddies. A guy I served with for a long time in the United States Senate, Bill Nelson. I haven’t served with anyone with more character, courage and decency than Bill and his daughter, Nan, and his son, Billy, as well as amazing Grace who is with him. She’s something else, isn’t she?
Look folks, five days left. Five days, but who’s counting right? But who’s counting? Scranton. I got a Scranton sign here. I don’t know, man. I’m getting… Wilmington. I’m getting confused here, man. Millions of Americans have already voted, over 75 I’m told. 75 million and millions more are going to vote before this is over. And I believe when you use your power, the power of the vote, we literally are going to change the course of this country for generations to come.
We’re going to do it both at home and abroad right here in Florida with all of you. You’re the ones who built this country. CEOs and Wall Street didn’t build this country. You did. No, not a joke. I’ve been saying this for years. Middle class people did, hardworking folks and unions built the middle class I might add. And you’re the ones who are going to save this country.
Look, I said, I got in this race for three reasons a year ago, little over a year, and I meant it. The first was to restore the soul of this country. This is not who we are, is not who we are. We’re more decent, honorable. We’re more respectful. We’re better people than we’ve been seen from this administration. Second reason was to restore the backbone of this country, the middle class and bring everybody along this time. And thirdly, to unite this country. We have to unite us. These final days, keep that sense of empowerment with you. That sense of optimism, what we can do, what we can overcome. That’s the God’s truth. I’ve never been more optimistic about America and America’s chances than I am today. Because I know the American people. I know who we are. We have never, ever, ever, ever let the country down and give it a chance. And on November 3rd, we’re going to unite this country and show the world who American really is.
I mean it. I know it’s hard. Over these past few months has been so much pain, so much suffering, so much-
So much pain, so much suffering, so much loss in America. More than 225,000 people dead, 225,000. The estimates are, if we’d have acted responsibly, there’d be 160,000 fewer dead than there are today, because of COVID-19. We’re now past the nine million mark of people infected. More than 16,000 people in Florida have been lost, and millions of people are out of work, on the edge. They can’t see the light at the end of the tunnel. It’s like that old bad joke of my generation, it’s a freight train, because that’s what happens if he stays in office. Donald Trump has given up. Over the weekend, the White House Chief of Staff said, and I’m quoting, “We’re not going to control the pandemic.” It’s obvious he’s not.
At the debate last week with Trump, he said, “We’re rounding the corner. It’s going away. We’re learning to live with it.” Remember what I told him? He’s asking us to learn to die with it. That’s what’s happening. Donald Trump has waved the white flag, abandoned our families and surrendered to this virus. But the American people never give up, we never give in, and we surely don’t cower. And neither will I. Donald Trump just had a super spreader event here again. They’re spreading more than just coronavirus. He’s spreading division and discord. We need a President that’s going to bring us together, not pull us apart. I’ll put a plan in place to deal with this pandemic responsibly, bringing the country together around testing, tracing, masking. Leading doctors in America, including Trump’s own CDC Director and Dr. Fauci last week said that if we just wore a mask, between now and the end of the year, we’d save 100,000 lives.
Folks, that’s not a political statement. It’s a patriotic duty, for God’s sake. But still Donald Trump refuses to listen to science. And we shouldn’t be politicizing the race for a vaccine. We should be planning for its safe use and free and equitable distribution, providing PPE for national standards for school, businesses to open safely. I laid out a plan back in May how to do that, bringing together Republicans and Democrats to deliver economic relief. That’s already passed by the Democratic House of Representatives for working families, for schools and businesses. I’ve said it before, I’m not going to shut down the economy. I’m not going to shut down the country. I’m going to shut down the virus.
Donald Trump inherited a strong economy from Barack and me, just like he inherited everything in his life. Oh, it’s a fact. He squandered that economy like he squandered everything else. But folks, I promise you, I guarantee you, we can build back and build back better with an economy that rewards work not wealth, and we can do it without raising taxes a single solitary penny from working class or middle class families. I guarantee you, my word as a Biden, no one making less than $ 400,000 will pay a single penny more in taxes. Not a penny. But I tell you what I’m going to do, and I make no apologies for it, I’m going to ask the wealthiest Americans and the biggest corporations of the Fortune 500 companies, 91 making a collective billions of dollars, didn’t pay a single solitary penny in federal tax. Well, I’m going to make sure they pay their fair share.
Why should a firefighter, an educator, a nurse pay at a higher rate than the super wealthy or corporate America? Because you do, you do. Why should you pay more taxes than Donald Trump pays? If we made this as a movie 10 years ago, people would think we’re making it up. But it’s true. We’re going to deliver tax relief for working families of the middle class to help you buy your first home, help you pay for health care premiums, for childcare, for caring for your aging loved ones, for eliminating college debt. We’re going to take care of this. And we can afford it. Look, Trump got his Supreme Court Justice, and he did it for one overwhelming reason, something he’s been trying to do since the day he got elected, to destroy the Affordable Care Act. He’s going at it again. If they get their way, 100 million Americans will lose protections for pre-existing conditions, cancer, all diseases that are out there.
Folks, look, 8.4 million Floridians have pre-existing conditions. Complications of COVID-19 will become the next pre-existing condition, allowing insurers to jack up your premiums, deny your coverage. A lot of you young people don’t even realize it, but before we passed the Affordable Care Act, insurance companies charged women more for the same healthcare as men, just because they were women. Fact, Donald Trump thinks healthcare is a privilege. I think it’s you’re right. If we all get out and vote, we’ll not only restore Obamacare, we’ll strengthen and build on it, so you can keep your private insurance if you like it, and you can choose a Medicare like option if you don’t. We’re going to increase subsidies and lower your payments and deductibles and premiums, out-of-pocket spending, reduce the unknown billing, reduce prescription drug costs by, according to the experts, up to 60%, by allowing, not making this stuff up, by allowing Medicare to negotiate for drug prices.
We’re going to make sure you keep the protections for people with pre-existing conditions. We’re going to protect social security and Medicare, which they’ve been trying to cut for years. Meanwhile, the social security actuary, the guy who runs it, says the plan like Donald Trump says he wants to institute if he gets reelected, he says will bankrupt social security by 2023. As my wife would say, “Google it.” You’ll see what I’m telling you. You’ve got that right, pal. He said, “Trump is bankrupt.” By the way, he probably is. He owes $400 million to somebody. Anyway, folks, we have to vote. We have to vote for our military families. No, not a joke. Folks, of all the things Donald Trump has said, nothing has bothered me worse than the way he’s spoken to those who served in uniform. He called them losers and suckers.
Losers and suckers. My deceased son, Beau Biden won the Bronze Star, Conspicuous Service Medal and other awards. Volunteered to go to Iraq for a year, gave up his attorney general job to go with his unit. He wasn’t a sucker, or a loser. He was a patriot. Like all of you who served. Like your sons, your daughters, your parents, and your grandparents. We have to vote for their dignity, respect they are due. We have to vote because while Donald Trump fails to condemn white supremacy, we can deliver racial justice while he’s trying to make it worse. Look, Donald Trump doesn’t believe that systemic racism is a problem. He won’t say black lives matter. We know they matter. That’s why a season of protest has broken out across the nation. But by the way, protesting is not burning or looting. Violence must never be a tactic tolerated, and it won’t. But these protestors are in a cry for justice. The names of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Jacob Blake will not soon be forgotten. Not by me, not by us, not by this country. When I met with the family, his little daughter said, looked at me and she’s only about seven years, and I knelt down to talk to her and the family. She looked at me, and she said, “Mr. Vice President, my daddy is changing the world.” Well guess what? The inspiration coming from her daddy would happen, this new wave of justice in America. But true justice is also more than just dealing with abuse. It’s about economic justice. It’s about schools, housing, access to capital, good paying jobs, a minimum wage of a minimum of $15 an hour. Financial stability. Giving families of color a real shot to own their own home, start a small business, send a child to college debt-free, so we can build wealth and pass on opportunities through generations like we did like, so many middle-class families have in the past. But we have to vote to ensure the full promise of this country. We have to vote to meet the challenge of climate crisis. Because you know in Florida, it is a crisis.
We’re all seeing the impact more than most. Devastating hurricanes to lay waste to all communities. Economic toll is astounding, and it grows every year, but the human toll is worse. Lost lives, lost homes, small businesses shattered. First responders put at risk from the West Coast burning, the middle part of the country flooding. Donald Trump when he thinks of climate change, he says hoax. Well, guess what? Speaking of hoaxes, remember what he said about these increasing violent hurricanes and the frequency? He actually said, maybe we should detonate a nuclear bomb over the Atlantic. By the way, the same stable genius who said, the biggest problem we had in the revolutionary war is we didn’t have enough airports. Whoa. Man, I tell you, what. His answer to families in Puerto Rico, struggling through Hurricane Maria was, what would he do? Toss rolls of paper towels at them. He doesn’t have any real answers. We know we can do something about it while combating climate change means jobs. We can unleash American ingenuity and manufacturing and build a stronger, more climate-resistant nation, creating millions of new high paying jobs.
We can change the path we’re on. We’ve got to act now. Time is running out. This country can’t afford four more years of Trump, who thinks he’s only responsible to the people who voted for him. I don’t see the presidency that way. I see an American as an American. I’d run as a proud Democrat. But guess what? It’s starting to rain, and I’m going to shorten this for y’all. I don’t see America that way. In 2008 and 2012, you placed your trust in Barack and me. Well guess what? Each day we were in office, we worked for you, the entire country. It was never about red States or blue States, always about the United States of America. I was reminded of that last month when I visited Gettysburg.
Folks, you know what? When I went to Gettysburg to make that speech, Abraham Lincoln said a house divided cannot stand. Well, a nation divided cannot stand. I was reminded of that earlier this week. Ladies and gentlemen, you got to go to, IWillVote.com/FLA. Become FL. Return your ballot today. I never forgot what President Kennedy said about going to the moon. He said, “We’re going, you know why? Because we refuse to postpone.” Let’s not postpone and get out of the rain. God bless you all. Thank you